# 一个演员的理想是什么？
- 点赞数：70828
- 更新时间：2019年01月02日21时53分37秒
- 回答url：https://www.zhihu.com/question/60525140/answer/565034184
<body>
 <p data-pid="79xkKxG9">I think being an actor who is talented, and you still wait for good work to come your way is something quite heartbreaking. And I can understand the feeling of an actor or actress, who is very talented, but is not getting any work.</p>
 <p data-pid="e9xlkTyr">All I can say is that you should not lose hope nor lose faith. But sometimes life is not fair. Things don't go your way. And sometimes the best you could do is to make efforts. And sometimes you don't get opportunities, that's the hard truth of life. And it's very difficult to predict what can happen. In fact, that is one of the reasons why my parents didn't want me to become an actor. They wanted me to become a doctor, or an engineer, because they want to protect me from a situation like this.</p>
 <p data-pid="-Q7oguMN">My heart goes out to actors and actresses in that situation. But if it ever happens to me, I would be heartbroken too.</p>
 <p data-pid="dwajS1vY">But if speaking about young actors, I I think when I’m not relevant to the audience, and when I was no longer communicating with them, despite my best effort. Then it’s time for me to stop acting, and I should the first to realize that hopefully.</p>
 <p data-pid="4O89TLrX">Once I was talking to a tennis player, I asked why did you retired from tennis so early. She said one day on my tournament, during the match, I heard the airplane flying in the sky. And that's when I know I should stop playing. Because before that, I never noticed anything like that during a match, but when I did, I realized it’s time for me to stop, I knew my mind was going somewhere else. So I think for all of us, experienced actors who has been working for many years, it’s important to stay connected with the audience.</p>
 <p data-pid="QoHGCgf3">And I have to say, my heart goes to all the talented actors and actresses who’s got no work now. My heart goes out to you. Hope you would keep faith in acting and the best of luck to you.</p>
</body>