# 如何开始写英文论文？
- 点赞数：5037
- 更新时间：2022年01月23日22时44分15秒
- 回答url：https://www.zhihu.com/question/23684933/answer/58624475
<body>
 <p data-pid="VuXAaeVV">偶然看到这题，发现自己刚好有收藏多年的干货，忍不住想要和大家分享。</p>
 <p data-pid="CpTG_tlL">在我第一次写英文论文的时候，我的歪果仁老湿给予了莫大的帮助。他以一篇论文的形式呈现了怎样写论文。直到现在，翻出来看看还是有收获良多。这里面不仅给出了一篇正式论文的基本框架（你可以直接套进去），还包括了写论文的顺序，教你如何打草稿，如何写开头结尾，甚至reference的格式也给你讲的清清楚楚。</p>
 <p data-pid="rDaoqDyG">那么先发放福利word文档，百度云大家随意提取。在这里我也把主体部分给大家看一下。提取收藏的点个赞呗~~链接:</p>
 <p data-pid="UfD4fAwn"><a href="https://link.zhihu.com/?target=http%3A//pan.baidu.com/s/1qWp9C4W" class=" wrap external" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer">百度云 请输入提取密码</a></p>
 <p data-pid="GHmOAuHw">密码: n3tb</p>
 <p data-pid="7deJR7dQ">以下论文（知乎格式没办法，见谅）：</p>
 <p data-pid="18Ph9ZSN">1. <br>
  Executive Summary</p>
 <p data-pid="fU6JL_4v">The<br><b>executive summary</b> provides a <b>synopsis</b> of the report. It should<br>
  include:</p>
 <p data-pid="VZ3CMKfa">· <br>
  A<br>
  statement on the <b><i>purpose</i></b> of the report – what it sets out to achieve</p>
 <p data-pid="LgZOIWHa">· <br>
  A<br>
  brief outline of the <b><i>scope</i></b> of the report and/or research <b><i>methodology</i></b></p>
 <p data-pid="b-U7ApqX">· <br>
  An<br>
  outline of the <b><i>major issues or findings</i></b> covered in the report</p>
 <p data-pid="xShLIQNJ">· <br>
  An<br>
  outline of the <b><i>major conclusions and recommendations</i></b> of the report.</p>
 <p data-pid="6s7-5rq5">The<br>
  executive summary should not include new information nor should it be used as<br>
  an introduction to the report.</p>
 <p data-pid="_BKrI970">As<br>
  the executive summary is a summary of the report, it should <u>ALWAYS</u> be<br>
  the <u>LAST</u> section of the report written</p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p data-pid="Fi3kwN9x">2. <br>
  Introduction or Background</p>
 <p data-pid="gDvnz_Jy">It may include an outline<br>
  of the <b><u>terms of reference</u></b> or<br>
  the reasons for the decision to write the report (see below).</p>
 <p data-pid="NXTd8bYd">Explain the background to the<br>
  issue/problem/topic (this could be the history, etc. that helps us understand<br>
  the issue/problem/topic.</p>
 <p data-pid="KiAHS7w2">What are the different<br>
  points of view/opinions about the issue/problem/topic?</p>
 <p data-pid="OD6BTwVv">What is likely to happen in<br>
  the future?</p>
 <p data-pid="o4kFLA-Y">This report was requested<br>
  by a number of students having difficulty understanding how to write a report.</p>
 <p data-pid="JaVlN0xU">This report aims to give<br>
  students a plan to follow when preparing their material and an example of the<br>
  layout of a report.</p>
 <p data-pid="DYf-tCrq">The material for this<br>
  report was gathered from various books and web sites which will be referred to<br>
  later. This format is not the only way to write a report.</p>
 <p data-pid="Y1Ve82tt">It is written especially<br>
  for students undertaking Academic English. However it can be a useful guide to<br>
  any student in any subject.</p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p data-pid="muOialvL">3. <br>
  Scope of Report or Research<br>
  Objectives</p>
 <p data-pid="6_2_DVdT">Outline the purpose of your<br>
  report.</p>
 <p data-pid="9JTnxcHO">The scope of the report<br>
  should define major issues or research objectives to be addressed by the<br>
  report.</p>
 <p data-pid="raTSTH2y">If in doubt, ask you<br>
  teacher. They may be able to help you find the right place to look for<br>
  information.</p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p data-pid="cCfHAGBd">4. <br>
  Research Methodology</p>
 <p data-pid="qrPIGbcT">Most reports will include:</p>
 <p data-pid="4N1kEF1l">· <br>
  4.1<br><b>primary sources</b> of information – <b><i>surveys,</i></b><br><b><i>questionnaires</i></b></p>
 <p data-pid="xeTVak3u">· <br>
  4.2<br><b>secondary sources</b> of information – <b><i>books,</i></b><br><b><i>internet</i></b></p>
 <p data-pid="YHmnRPSe">This<br>
  section needs to detail how the information for the report was obtained and any<br>
  limitations. The place to start is in your own head. How much do you already<br>
  know about the topic? Write everything down.</p>
 <p data-pid="pjavMMcR">Use<br>
  the library. Not just the internet. There are books, magazines, newspapers, and<br>
  staff to help you. Take notes and organise the information in a folder.</p>
 <p data-pid="X148_9lA">Remember<br>
  to write down all the information about any book or web site, etc. for the<br>
  bibliography: <b><i>author, title, date published, publisher and place published </i></b>(see<br>
  Appendix B of this report).</p>
 <p data-pid="zAIQ1VK_"><b><u>Note taking skills</u></b> are necessary when reading<br>
  information and you must <b><u>summarise</u></b><br>
  much of that information.</p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p data-pid="pZpHFZ1e">5. <br>
  Detailed Findings</p>
 <p data-pid="Et2ABNk4"><b>The</b><br><b>largest section of the report</b> – it will contain all the information and analysis,<br>
  including tables, charts and diagrams.</p>
 <p data-pid="LDdMbU8T">The<br>
  body must be divided into <b><u>logical</u></b><br><b><u>sections and subsections with headings identical to those in the Table of</u></b><br><b><u>Contents.</u></b></p>
 <p data-pid="6iv6iNf7">It<br>
  will include headings and sub-headings which reflect the contents of each<br>
  section.</p>
 <p data-pid="fxEiFPzv">Although<br>
  a report starts with a synopsis do not start writing it until AFTER you finish<br>
  the introduction, body and conclusion in that order.</p>
 <p data-pid="0zTvCSFd"><b>5.1 FIRST DRAFT</b></p>
 <p data-pid="N6-75_N2">Divide<br>
  the body of the report into headings and subheadings, so each section can be<br>
  written on its own. This makes the task seem easier.</p>
 <p data-pid="5Z1QjgBa">Use<br>
  the passive voice (revise this section <i>of</i><br><i>English on Cue, Module 5</i>). Use short sentences and simple, formal language.<br>
  Include pictures if you want to make it more interesting e.g. ”Diagram 2 shows<br>
  that……”</p>
 <p data-pid="uc8zVKsj">Use<br>
  your computer’s spell check and print preview where possible. Plan the pages<br>
  carefully. Careless layout will lose marks. Check grammar and punctuation.</p>
 <p data-pid="siWAqV2D">When<br>
  referencing a book, etc. in your writing remember quoting directly must use<br>
  quotation marks e.g. “There are many reasons why people visit Australia…..”<br>
  (Smith 2012).</p>
 <p data-pid="Pm-HwijN">Indirect<br>
  quotes (paraphrasing): Smith (2012) says there are many different reasons<br>
  people want to visit Australia.</p>
 <p data-pid="jIe54Jb6">Save<br>
  two copies: one on your computer and one on a USB. Lost work means starting<br>
  again.</p>
 <p data-pid="1gdVl0bL"><b>5.2 SECOND DRAFT</b></p>
 <p data-pid="qPPgFisK">Producing<br>
  the second draft is not hard once your first draft of the report is edited,<br>
  typed and saved.</p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p>
 <p data-pid="QSB8bWt2">6. <br>
  Conclusion and Recommendations</p>
 <p data-pid="OJvD7vRq">This is a summary of the<br>
  main findings of the report, especially those that are for the reader/client.</p>
 <p data-pid="TLptC9pK"><b>Conclusion</b><br>
  should<br>
  tell what the detailed findings mean for the reader/client in relation to the<br>
  scope of the report or research objectives.</p>
 <p data-pid="aAP3f08H">The<br><b>recommendations</b> should list the<br>
  action that you recommend should be taken based on these conclusions.</p>
 <p data-pid="UFbTIPp1"><b>6.1 CONCLUSION</b></p>
 <p data-pid="OyGsYc9Z">It<br>
  is hoped this guide will benefit students in at least two ways. Firstly, to<br>
  give a step by step method to report writing. Secondly, it is to be used as an<br>
  example of report writing.</p>
 <p data-pid="TMrNRusQ">The<br>
  process of report writing is obviously a long and complex one. Each step should<br>
  be completed before moving on to the next one. Do NOT put off starting to<br>
  research and write just because it is difficult.</p>
 <p data-pid="zbs65ka6">Make<br>
  sure the information in the report is relevant to the topic and discusses the<br>
  issues mentioned in the introduction.</p>
 <p data-pid="r-QndDsM"><b>6.2 RECOMMENDATIONS</b></p>
 <p data-pid="ZEcDfPrK">+<br>
  Take one step at a time</p>
 <p data-pid="sW4Qk-TC">+<br>
  Do not waste time</p>
 <p data-pid="dg9b4xsI">+<br>
  Use all the resources available</p>
 <p data-pid="IwkRAtAK">+<br>
  Talk to your teacher if in doubt</p>
 <p data-pid="i0mTge7w">+<br>
  Start now</p>
 <p data-pid="HhF1pU4B">7 BIBLIOGRAPHY<br><br></p>
 <p data-pid="DqSxpI5G">The <b>bibliography </b>is an alphabetical list of references used in<br>
  preparation of the report</p>
 <p data-pid="I4crsmKx">Students<br>
  should refer to their textbook for guidelines on how to correctly reference<br>
  information sources.</p>
 <p data-pid="_RW60TCe">Jordan,<br>
  R.R (1990) <i>Academic Writing Course,</i><br>
  Collins ELT, London.</p>
 <p data-pid="M3hEmsMa">Mangubhai,<br>
  Francis and Pritchard, R (1996) <i>English</i><br><i>on Cue</i>, USQ, Toowoomba.</p>
 <p data-pid="WbBUnUIo"><a href="https://link.zhihu.com/?target=http%3A//www.epa.vic.gov.au/ecologicalfootprint/globalfootprint/index.asp" class=" external" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer"><span class="invisible">http://www.</span><span class="visible">epa.vic.gov.au/ecologic</span><span class="invisible">alfootprint/globalfootprint/index.asp</span><span class="ellipsis"></span></a></p>
 <p data-pid="wNgOcI7T"><b>APPENDIX </b></p>
 <p data-pid="Fi2npTb_">The appendices section is<br>
  for material that is relevant and is referred to in the report, but is too long<br>
  or is not necessary to be included in the body of the report.</p>
 <p data-pid="8XICyYgO">Examples: Questionnaire</p>
 <p data-pid="bFsQW02Z">Appendices<br>
  to be labelled: Appendix A, Appendix B<br>
  etc.</p>
 <p data-pid="8obj71ey"><b>WRITING A BIBLIOGRAPHY</b></p>
 <p data-pid="t93RlQnc">Take<br>
  careful note of the order in which the information appears below –<br>
  alphabetically! The format is different for books, magazines and internet. Most<br>
  entries begin with an author but if not then the title, etc. is shown.</p>
 <p data-pid="c9k4fcAS"><b>1.0 BOOKS</b></p>
 <p data-pid="DpZzGj69">Author’s<br>
  family name, initial or first name, (date of publication), <i>title in italics</i>, name of publisher, place where published.</p>
 <p data-pid="qsKnAslm">Barron,<br>
  M L (2010) <i>Business Finance</i>,<br>
  McGraw-Hill, Sydney.</p>
 <p data-pid="40cpXhdD">Kitchen,<br>
  P D (Ed.) (1997<i>) Business Law:</i><br><i>Fundamentals</i>, Thompson, London.</p>
 <p data-pid="PSwkP7n8">Brown,<br>
  M and White, P (2000) <i>Writing Assignments</i>,<br>
  Thomas Nelson, Melbourne.</p>
 <p data-pid="NEVvZsRA"><b>2.0 JOURNALS/MAGAZINES/NEWSPAPERS</b></p>
 <p data-pid="Hxvh-WcJ">Author’s<br>
  family name, initial or first name, (date of publication),“title of article”, <i>name of journal in italics, </i>volume<br>
  number, (issue number), pp. numbers.</p>
 <p data-pid="p1KPG15t">Smith,<br>
  B (2002) “Can you write an essay?” ,<i>Education</i><br><i>Times</i>, 64, (10), pp. 24-28.</p>
 <p data-pid="xzEbSs59">Mitchell,<br>
  Ben (2000) “Students fail English test<i>”,</i><br><i>Xin Hua,</i> 13 September, p. 5.</p>
 <p data-pid="awpBQsa-"><b>3.0 Web</b><br><b>Sites</b></p>
 <p data-pid="rt0qNC-J">Author’s<br>
  family name, first name/initial, (date of publication), <i>title of page in italics, </i>URL, date accessed. Or</p>
 <p data-pid="7xKvfyQ1"><i>Title of page</i>, URL, date accessed.</p>
 <p data-pid="oT3SSYY-">Quinion,<br>
  M, (1996) <i>Citing online sources.Advice on online citations formats</i><a href="https://link.zhihu.com/?target=http%3A//www.worldwidewords.org/articles/citation.htm" class=" wrap external" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer">World Wide Words: Citing Online Sources</a><br>
  (Accessed 7.9.2013)</p>
 <p data-pid="X9vQH6mQ"><i>Information resource</i>, <a href="https://link.zhihu.com/?target=http%3A//www.immi.gov.au/visas" class=" wrap external" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noreferrer">www.immi.gov.au/visas</a> (Accessed 20/10/2012)</p>
</body>